It is a lovely, sunny day.
Peppa is playing with her friends.
It's Freddy Fox.
Hello, everyone!
Hello, Freddy!
Come on! Let's circle to the big hill.
Yeah!
Good morning, Mr Fox!
It's afternoon, Mr Pig!
Afternoon? Already?
My watch must have stopped.
My shop sells watches and clocks.
Let me see what I've got in a van.
One grandfather?? clock!
It's a big big!
Good, isn't it?
It actually comes in a set of three.
Who's got the loudest bell?
I haven't got a bell.
Oh!
But my dad will
have one in the back of his van.
Three clocks are much better than one.
Dad, have you got a bicycle bell, please?
How many do you want, son?
I only want one.
I took them in boxes of two.
Freddy Fox now has two bicycle bells.
Brilliant! Thanks, dad!
Dad gave me two bells.
Wow!
What else has your dad got in his van?
He's got everything!
What shall we play now?
Let's have a bicycle race!
With a big, shiny cup for the winner.
But where can me get a cup?
Yes, where can we get a cup?
I'll see what I can do.
The best thing about
having your own cement mixer is that…
Dad, have you
got a big shiny winner's cup
for our bicycle race, please?
How important a race is it?
It's very important.
Will this do?
Well, thanks, dad. It's gold!
Yes, it's plastic gold!
One winner's cup is made of plastic gold!
Your daddy's van really has got everything!
Yep!
Let's race to Peppa's house!
Ready  Steady  Go!
Press this button and it just disappears!
Oh~Ah!
And if you push
this button, you can play CDs!
The friends have all finished together.
Everyone is a winner!
But we've only got one cup.
My van has a winner's cup for everyone!
Hooray!
Mr Fox, is there anything
you don't have in your van?
Try me!
Have you got a banjo?
Four or five-string.
You won't have a tree in your van?
Apple or pear?
I bet you haven't got a rocket in there.
Box is a foil.
What's about a chicken?
One chicken!
Mr Fox's van is magic!
It's a super van!
yes,it's. Come on
Freddy,we'd better get home!
Goodbye, everyone!
Bye!
Have you got a bouncy castle?
Yep!
A garden shed?
Yep! I've got everything!
Oh, I've got no petrol.
Mr Fox has
everything in his van except petrol.
Oh I need to get to the petrol station.
I would tow you,
but I haven't got a tow rope.
Oh, I have got plenty of them.
I do them in packs of five.
Can we come along, too?
Why not.
Daddy Pig is towing
Mr Fox's van to the petrol station.